/// Make sure that link is opened in Chrome not Safari

this project took lots and lots of trial and error, a lot of blank screens and frustration. Which once I finished and got it all polished and looking nice made all the  hours worth it as I can say that I am proud of this code that I have created. The first thing that I made was perlin noise to learn about this I watched shiffmans youtube video about perlin noise to figure out the functions of everything and to better understand the vectors and just learning about the organized chaos that is perlin noise. when I first said I was going to do something with perlin noise I thought that i would be able to control it a little bit with the music, however I was wrong learning that the "noise" is just coming off of algorithms and it was fun too learn the history of the name perlin too, as it's name came from henry perlin from the guy who did the first tron. The first thing I did when creating the perlin noise was creating a pixelated screen where it just looked like a static tv. these pixels were moving around in no paticular order. After that I changed those pixels into a lines, I didn't give them any functions and they were just sitting horizantal, Once I gave them a random order they started spinning around in circles really fast. and once you give it angles with a seed so it stays still. than you start to see how there is a bit more of the organized chaos, and flow within it. Once you ad the z axis off set is when you start to see just a little bit of movement within the lines and it all moves in an organized way. Than I had to create a new .js file and I named it particle.js this is where I made the forces and a path for the lines to travel through. I also give the particles their color in the this.show area. then in my orignal sketch.js file I can define what a particle is in it. After all that I changed it from points following the vectors to a line, and than I have my perlin sound. To make my sound circles I had to create variables for each different type of sound such as bass, treble, mid, etc. Than when I map it that gives me the ability for how how much i want the sound to show. I had to do almost like a background circle so I could still see the movements of the circles on the inside.
