# Empty p5 sketch.
For my final project I want to create something that responds to music. I got my insperation from Jo Curtis and the one that he had synced up to music on the examples page from the on the coding modules website. I also want to blend it a little with the one done by emily Griffen on the website with multiple different sound circles showing all the different types of sounds that the song has. I am excited to see how this assignment turns out as I've never done anything with music, or something that interacts with something on this large of a scale. I want the background to be a Perlin Noise of just black and white that is interacting with the music, and has sort of a flow with it. Than with four or five different circles .
I will defenitly have my fair share of problems as I am expeirmenting with many new things throughout this assignment. I will have to figure out how to upload a song onto atom and than hopefully loop it so that way the music will never stop playing, or I will just add multiple songs. I think that my biggest challinege is going to be creating something that will interact with music, and to make it look good. I will need to figure out a way for each sound circle to to pick up only on a certain part of the song this may mean that I have to make my own song and upload each instrament at a different time and give it its own variable so the circle can re- act to that certain instrament.
In order to make sure I get my assignment in on time I am going to have to create a time line and make sure I hit those deadlines before the final project is due I would like to have my Perlin background done by thursday the 29th and than for every two days I want to have one sound circle done for those two days if I do this I will have 5 circles by December 9th, giving me some part of the 9th and all day of the 10th to do my final touches on this project. I hope everything goes somewhat smoothly!
